welcome back through a chef ricotta
cookie look we are back in the kitchen
one more time again guys we've got an
evil chicken Oh
wanted that spicy fried chicken right
here can we remember couple days I got
marinate the chicken and seasoned top on
it I saw the season everything guys I'm
gonna give you way onto fried one of the
best from number one way to find one in
time special fried chicken whatever
Rick requested said shut forgot it can
affront from innocent yes I'm definitely
gonna do that and this is the main oil
goes in the kitchen kind of leave your
comments and thank you very much what
you've got a problem we have a lot of
recipe for you guys thank you very much
and I see you see the chicken guys this
one in time spicy fried chicken wish you
did
Marty and a couple days ago I'm gonna
put the link below ultimart and chicken
right over here I have some scent fries
plain flour sorry guys some plain flour
right here right over here I have some
bread crumbs
we are just grated right over here I
hope my eye on the stove getting really
hot but look at spicy fried chicken it's
all gonna be super dude I'm gonna
marinate the chicken on marinate up the
floor and get it seized up and as I said
the chicken is already done so let's go
into business and this fright in
generous if you guys
say to you the breadcrumbs right over
here as you can see a lot on breadcrumbs
and in earlier I don't need to do is to
use your blender and blend up some bread
in a white bright brown bread we're
pretty good like to use a kinda simple
chocolate insert in your blender and
blend it up and make yourself some
breadcrumbs right over here I have some
some seasoned so flow a plate floor
right here and I'm gonna seem to do I'm
not a simple marinate of the chicken
again by putting on some edge first of
all con some egg one two three egg
that's for a rattle maybe I put it on
the straight and inside of there if you
gotta clubs it's good for you to use the
gloves gathers but I'm gonna just use my
hand and let's give it a rubber cause I
know are you doing but please don't use
a hand what I'm doing that is please use
your gloves guys very important for you
to use a glass so let's get all of the
egg on the chicken blackness as you can
see one being right here
lovely a match against lanús sent up
this chicken remember two weeks cook a
few days ago when we marinated chicken
get it marinated and this is the falling
time spicy fried chicken and we are
Friday play and hopefully you will enjoy
the recipe is I don't need to put any
much season the symbol put a little bit
of paprika and it's just something to be
operator a little bit of course proper
that's it simply use it hand and I seem
to give it a little rub like this nice
one so the film is finished the
prettiest fine the practicums is fine
and the chicken is marinated and a head
wash so all I need to do while is
getting hot for each other three part in
my first guys on a medium-sized eater
moment so now I'm gonna check my file
and see what's going on over there
no it's up if you want to know your head
is hot all you need to do know it's
slightly higher is ready no I'm gonna
simply take a piece of chicken like this
you don't need to add anything that I
beside a chicken area of all over your
flavor where you need it deep inside of
the flower just like this off make
sure to read the flower wouldn't shake
it off like this and simple dip it
inside but they head wash
and then your bread comes it just like
this guys don't make an eye - really hot
too much
okay you don't want to
burn up the chicken
last one then dip it straight inside of
the high like this that's the one that I
want to show you and as I say happy that
I meet ups as eat mm-hmm you can smell
the scent of the chicken really really
good dip it back straight inside of the
egg wash
this is the bottom clam spicy fried
chicken if you know what I'm talking
about you have to try this at home
dip it straight inside of the
breadcrumbs
straight inside of the fire and I'm
gonna do all of them like that car so
it's a nice idea and hopefully we'll
learn something new and this is where it
comes really nice and chicken beats
inside of its up and generous speed has
a do all them to show you the cup of my
putt because I want to be really see fry
properly so I'll make sure cover my butt
guys to show you what's going on right
here quality look at the quality of the
chicken guys look it's so lovely and
nice as I can see right here this is
just as it so now the chicken is
finished I just take them from it and I
say a fried emperor of the one good 15
minutes each and now it is finished so
you guys enjoy recipe and subscribe the
YouTube channel thank you very much
watching chef we've got a cooking
program but as you can see this is just
perfect
a nice and hopefully will you will love
the recipe I did fry them 50 15 minute
minutes and in the hot pot so enjoy
recipe and subscribe to youtube channel
thank you very much for watching chef
Ricardo cooking program and as I said
request whatever you like and this is
the way or the front and this is the
weather look so thank you very much
buddy
what if I'm spicy fried chicken nice and
generous